Create lwm2m-agent-1021-10-18-incorrect-alarm-triggering-for-existing-lw-m-2-m-objects.md (#3464)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/lwm2m-agent-1021-10-18-incorrect-alarm-triggering-for-existing-lw-m-2-m-objects.md

---

> date: ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2025-06-19
```

> date: 2025-06-19

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
date: 
```

Reviewer: This is already in zone-1, therefore I added the date

> title: Incorrect Alarm Triggering for Existing LwM2M Objects

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Alarms no longer triggered for existing LWM2M objects
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ggH2M4hf3
    label: lwm2m-agent
ticket: DM-4752
version: 1021.10.18
---

> Resolved an issue where the LwM2M agent incorrectly triggered alarms when devices reported data for LwM2M objects that already had a DDF representation on the platform. Alarms are now only triggered when the reported objects are not present on the platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The LWM2M agent incorrectly triggered alarms when devices reported data for LWM2M objects that already had a DDF representation on the platform. This issue has been fixed. Alarms are now only triggered when the reported objects are not present on the platform.
```

---
date: ""
title: Incorrect Alarm Triggering for Existing LwM2M Objects
product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ggH2M4hf3
    label: lwm2m-agent
ticket: DM-4752
version: 1021.10.18
---
[Fix] Resolved an issue where the LwM2M agent incorrectly triggered alarms when devices reported data for LwM2M objects that already had a DDF representation on the platform. Alarms are now only triggered when the reported objects are not present on the platform.

> [Improvement] Improved event logging behavior for cases where a resource DDF is missing. Previously, a redundant "Device Sent" event was logged alongside the "Received Message" event, both containing identical information. This update removes the duplicate "Device Sent"; event only the "Received Message" event will now log the resource data received from the agent.

Reviewer: Can you create 2 change log files instead?
One with change type fix and one with improvement.

Reviewer 3: I moved the improvement part as a separate file in this PR

> [Improvement] Improved event logging behavior for cases where a resource DDF is missing. Previously, a redundant "Device Sent" event was logged alongside the "Received Message" event, both containing identical information. This update removes the duplicate "Device Sent"; event only the "Received Message" event will now log the resource data received from the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The redundant "LWM2M Device Send" events was logged alongside the "Received Message" event, both containing identical information. This update removes the duplicate "LWM2M Device Send" event, only the "Received Message" event will now log the resource data received from the LWM2M Service in VERBOSE logging level.
```
